here's winter 9 to 2 on Archangel off
that 150 world record performance here
here they come for the John Cashman jr.
memorial often trotting in market shares
trying to blast from the front side but
Archangel a sprint some in Sebastian K
steps out sharply from the rail as
expected so the battles on early here
Archangel and Yannick Ginga establishing
command early Sebastian came back in the
second spot as they head to the opening
quarter so market share after the quick
start was pretty good got away in third
again Pat - three - you're so vain his
fourth and going up there is mr. Herbie
from fifth fallen by arts madness the
$4,000,000 trotters six her fifth rather
six down the backstretch then comes
uncle Peter followed by Appomattox and
intimidate after an early miscue Sbrocco
is the trailer it was a pretty quick
opening quarter 26 and Tuzla chink
relics to grab in here and ration out
speed with archangel archangel 150 world
champion on top sebastian k the world's
fastest Trotter at 149 and second so
market share Hamiltonian hero his third
off stride there went your soul vein
taken safely to the inside mr. Harvey
and Campbell gets flushed to the outside
by uncle Peter goes up fifth on the
outside off a half of 54 and 4/5 and
they race to the far turn arch madness
now pinned in on the rail up into the
Foucault's intimidate and pulling pocket
now okay spawns dead and Sebastian K
gets the cue to come up after arc angel
Archangel and Sebastian K on the outside
it's the battle we've been waiting for
Campbell looms large on the outside with
mr. Herbie he's stride for stride third
market share on the inside fourth their
heads apart stride for stride turning
for home in the Cashman 1:22 and 4/5
there in the stretch Drive Sebastian K
grabs the track here draws clear
Sebastian K another powerhouse
performance he is a trotting dynamo and
he is gone Archangel
market share in the battle for second
Sebastian K in the Cashman he dominates
in 150 and equals the world record then
market share Archangel closed for fourth